I'm Lee Shan from China.
Spring Festival is very important in my country.
Like Christmas, it happens every year, but not on the same day.
It usually comes in February, but sometimes it comes in January.
I've got some photos of it.
Have a look at them.
Hey!
Here's the first one.
It's a few days before Spring Festival.
My mother's cleaning our house and sweeping away bad luck.
Look at the food on the table.
We always buy a lot of food before the festival.
B.
Oh, I love this photo.
We are celebrating Spring Festival with a traditional family dinner on the evening
before Spring Festival.
There's so much delicious food.
I am eating Jiao Zhe, a kind of dumpling.
After the dinner, we usually watch a special program on TV.
C.
In this photo, my parents and I are visiting my uncles and aunts.
We are wearing new sweaters and coats.
I always get a honk ball.
It means lucky money.